# vivekdotca.github.io
Website
Does Github support inline footnotes?[^This is a footnote.]
The Commission considers a service ”functionally equivalent“ if it complies with the applicable mandatory minimum standards. In a 2015 report, the GAO classified the current minimum standards, such as requiring that 85 percent of calls be answered within 10 seconds and that services be provided 24 hours a day, as ”performance measures.“ Performance measures are the individual metrics used by an organization to assess whether it is achieving ”performance goals,” described by the GAO as clearly defined program outcomes. In this report, all Commission officials agreed that the purpose of TRS is to provide functionally equivalent telecommunications. However, the GAO found that the Commission had not established any performance goals, or clear definitions of the meaning of functionally equivalent telecommunications, to guide the Commission’s effort in achieving this purpose.  In essence, the GAO found that the Commission got it backwards. Instead of starting with individual performance measures which  ”are not clearly linked to any agency or program performance goal,” the Commission should first establish performance goals and tailor performance measures around them. Without defining what functionally equivalent telecommunications means, the Commission is unable to determine the extent to which it is fulfilling the purpose of the TRS program.
Despite the GAO’s recommendations being issued three years before the 2018 declaratory ruling, the Commission failed to establish performance goals prior to authorizing ASR as an eligible form of TRS. Then-Commissioner (now Chair) Rosenworcel expressed concern over this lack of progress in her statement following the 2018 declaratory ruling, reiterating that achieving functional equivalence first required determining the standard of quality a hard-of-hearing user can expect. Nonetheless, no such standards or performance goals have been developed in the last six years. Furthermore, despite the increasing shift away from CA-assisted IP CTS to ASR, the performance metrics frequently reference human CAs. The technology-specific application of many of the existing minimum standards makes them even less useful when assessing the quality of an ASR service. 
